abandon trait
abortion event
abscess knowledge
absurdity nonsense
abyss object
abyss location
academy institution
academy school
academy group
academy grouping
accomplishment event
accordance event
accreditation event
accusation statement
acetone relation
acetone substance
acetone chemical
achievement event
acid relation
acid substance
acid chemical
acquisition event
acreage magnitude
acres relation
acting event
acting arts
acting knowledge
actor performer
actor person
actor someone
actor organism
actor object
actress performer
actress person
actress someone
actress organism
actress object
actress actor
actuality existence
ad publicity
additive object
adherent follower
adherent person
adherent someone
adherent organism
adherent object
adhesive relation
adhesive substance
admiration liking
admission event
admonition proposal
admonition advice
adolescence period
adventure event
adventure project
adverb category
adverb group
adverb grouping
advice proposal
aerosol phenomenon
affairs condition
affairs curiosity
affluence condition
afternoon period
agenda idea
agenda knowledge
ailment disorder
ailment condition
aircraft object
airplane aircraft
airplane object
airport object
airport facility
airway object
alabama south
albumin molecule
albumin substance
albumin protein
albumin relation
albumin chemical
alcohol fluid
alcohol relation
alcohol substance
alcohol drug
alcohol food
alkali relation
alkali substance
alkali chemical
allotment relation
allusion statement
allusion remark
allusion mention
altercation event
altercation dispute
alternative knowledge
altitude relation
aluminum metal
aluminum relation
aluminum substance
amateur person
amateur someone
amateur organism
amateur object
ambassador diplomat
ambassador person
ambassador someone
ambassador organism
ambassador object
ambassador official
ambulance object
ambulance automobile
ambulance car
ambulance container
ambush event
amendment event
american person
american someone
american organism
american object
american dweller
american inhabitant
americana object
ammo arms
ammo object
ammunition arms
ammunition object
amplitude occurrence
amplitude event
anaconda animal
anaconda creature
anaconda serpent
anaconda snake
anaconda organism
anaconda object
analysis event
analyst expert
analyst person
analyst someone
analyst organism
analyst object
ancestry group
ancestry grouping
anecdote event
anemia condition
angel knowledge
anger emotion
angle object
angle location
anglo-american american
anglo-american person
anglo-american someone
anglo-american organism
anglo-american object
anglo-american dweller
anglo-american inhabitant
animal organism
animal object
anniversary period
ant animal
ant creature
ant organism
ant object
ant insect
antagonist person
antagonist someone
antagonist organism
antagonist object
antelope animal
antelope creature
antelope mammal
antelope organism
antelope object
antenna device
antenna object
anthropologist person
anthropologist someone
anthropologist organism
anthropologist scientist
anthropologist object
antibody molecule
antibody substance
antibody protein
antibody relation
antibody chemical
anti-semite person
anti-semite someone
anti-semite organism
anti-semite object
anti-semitism attitude
anti-semitism prejudice
anti-semitism knowledge
aorta artery
apartment object
apartment housing
apex object
apex region
apex location
apparatus object
apparatus equipment
applicant person
applicant someone
applicant organism
applicant object
apprentice person
apprentice someone
apprentice organism
apprentice object
appropriation money
april period
apron clothing
apron object
apron commodity
aptitude knowledge
arc phenomenon
archbishop clergyman
archbishop bishop
archbishop status
archbishop person
archbishop someone
archbishop object
archbishop organism
archbishop leader
architect person
architect someone
architect organism
architect object
ardor eagerness
argon relation
argon substance
arithmetic science
arithmetic knowledge
arithmetic mathematics
arm limb
armchair chair
armchair object
armchair furniture
arms object
army personnel
army group
army grouping
arrest event
arrow symbol
arrow signal
arroyo valley
arroyo object
artist person
artist someone
artist organism
artist object
arts knowledge
assassin murderer
assassin criminal
assassin object
assassin person
assassin someone
assassin killer
assassin organism
assault event
assault battle
assent event
assessment knowledge
assistance event
assistant person
assistant someone
assistant organism
assistant object
associate person
associate someone
associate organism
associate object
associate peer
assurance condition
athlete person
athlete someone
athlete organism
athlete object
atom relation
atom substance
atrophy knowledge
attacker person
attacker someone
attacker organism
attacker object
attempt event
attendant person
attendant someone
attendant organism
attendant object
attendant assistant
attitude knowledge
attorney person
attorney someone
attorney organism
attorney object
attorney grownup
audience group
audience grouping
auditorium object
aug period
august period
aunt person
aunt someone
aunt organism
aunt object
author person
author someone
author organism
author object
authorities group
authorities grouping
authorization papers
automobile object
automobile container
autumn period
average knowledge
average datum
average statistic
avocado solid
avocado object
avoidance event
avoidance rejection
awareness knowledge
awe amazement
awe astonishment
axe object
axis object
axis location
babe person
babe someone
babe organism
babe object
baby person
baby someone
baby organism
baby object
backwoods object
backwoods location
backyard object
backyard location
bacon solid
bacon meat
ballroom object
ballroom room
balustrade object
balustrade obstruction
bandage object
bandit thief
bandit organism
bandit criminal
bandit object
bandit person
bandit someone
banker person
banker someone
banker organism
banker object
banner flag
banner decoration
banner object
bargain statement
barge object
barge boat
barn object
barn building
baseball recreation
baseball event
basement object
basketball recreation
basketball event
bastard person
bastard someone
bastard organism
bastard object
bathroom object
bathroom room
baton object
battle event
battlefield object
battlefield location
bayonet instrument
bayonet device
bayonet object
bayonet weapon
beach object
beachhead object
beachhead region
beachhead location
beard object
beard hair
bed object
bed furniture
bedding object
bedroom object
bedroom room
bee animal
bee creature
bee organism
bee object
bee insect
beer alcohol
beer food
beer fluid
beer relation
beer substance
beer drug
bequest relation
bereavement emotion
berry solid
berry object
best event
best attempt
best effort
best try
bicycle object
bicycle container
biography indication
biology science
biology knowledge
biopsy event
biopsy trial
biopsy attempt
biopsy effort
biopsy try
bird animal
bird creature
bird organism
bird object
birthday anniversary
birthday period
bishop clergyman
bishop leader
bishop status
bishop person
bishop someone
bishop object
bishop organism
bitterness hate
bitterness hatred
bitterness emotion
black color
blanket object
blanket bedding
blindness condition
blindness disability
bloat knowledge
blockade event
blood relation
blood substance
bloodstream blood
bloodstream relation
bloodstream substance
blossom object
blower device
blower object
blur knowledge
boat object
boatswain person
boatswain someone
boatswain organism
boatswain object
bodybuilder person
bodybuilder someone
bodybuilder organism
bodybuilder object
bomb device
bomb arms
bomb object
bomber aircraft
bomber airplane
bomber object
bonfire occurrence
bonfire event
bonnet hat
bonnet object
bonnet commodity
bonnet clothing
booking event
boot object
boredom longing
boredom yearning
borough object
borough district
borough location
bottle object
bottle container
bouquet decoration
bouquet object
bouquet group
bouquet grouping
bourbon conservative
bourbon reactionary
bourbon grownup
bourbon person
bourbon someone
bourbon object
bourbon organism
boyhood childhood
boyhood period
bramble organism
bramble object
brandy alcohol
brandy food
brandy fluid
brandy relation
brandy substance
brandy drug
bread solid
bread food
breakdown event
breakfast meal
breakfast food
breeze weather
breeze wind
breeze phenomenon
brick object
bride person
bride someone
bride organism
bride spouse
bride object
briefcase object
briefcase container
brigade group
brigade grouping
brigadier person
brigadier someone
brigadier organism
brigadier object
british group
british grouping
british people
bronc horse
bronc animal
bronc creature
bronc organism
bronc object
bronc mammal
brood group
brood grouping
broom object
brother person
brother someone
brother organism
brother object
buddy friend
buddy person
buddy someone
buddy organism
buddy object
buffalo animal
buffalo creature
buffalo mammal
buffalo organism
buffalo object
buffer relation
buffer substance
buffer chemical
bugle device
bugle object
builder relation
builder substance
building object
buildup event
bulk magnitude
bullet instrument
bullet device
bullet object
bullet weapon
bumblebee animal
bumblebee creature
bumblebee organism
bumblebee object
bumblebee insect
bumblebee bee
bureaucracy group
bureaucracy grouping
burial event
burial funeral
burrow object
busboy person
busboy someone
busboy organism
busboy object
busboy employee
businessman person
businessman someone
businessman organism
businessman object
butter solid
butter food
buying acquisition
buying event
bw event
bw warfare
cab object
cab room
cabana object
cabana shelter
cabana tent
cabinet object
cabinet furniture
cafe object
cafe building
cafe restaurant
cafeteria object
cafeteria building
cafeteria restaurant
calamity occurrence
calamity event
calcium metal
calcium relation
calcium substance
calf animal
calf creature
calf young
calf organism
calf object
caller traveler
caller organism
caller object
caller visitor
caller person
caller someone
calm trait
camera object
camera equipment
camper person
camper someone
camper organism
camper object
campfire occurrence
campfire event
camping event
cancer disease
cancer tumor
cancer illness
cancer sickness
cancer condition
candle lamp
candle device
candle object
cane object
cannon object
cannon arms
canteen bottle
canteen flask
canteen object
canteen container
canyon valley
canyon object
capitalism group
capitalism grouping
capitalism economy
car object
car container
carbon relation
carbon substance
cargo merchandise
cargo object
cargo commodity
carpenter person
carpenter someone
carpenter organism
carpenter object
carpentry event
carpet object
cart object
cart wagon
cart container
cartoonist person
cartoonist someone
cartoonist organism
cartoonist object
cartoonist artist
cartridge ammo
cartridge ammunition
cartridge object
cartridge arms
cast group
cast grouping
cat animal
cat creature
cat mammal
cat organism
cat object
catalogue list
catcher person
catcher someone
catcher organism
catcher object
catcher athlete
catcher player
category group
category grouping
catharsis event
catharsis cleaning
cathedral object
cathedral building
cathode device
cathode object
cathode electrode
catholic person
catholic someone
catholic organism
catholic object
catholic christian
catholicism religion
catholicism knowledge
catholicism christianity
cattle animal
cattle creature
cattle mammal
cattle organism
cattle object
cavalry troops
cavalry personnel
cavalry group
cavalry grouping
cave object
celebration event
cellar object
cellulose molecule
cellulose substance
cellulose relation
cellulose chemical
cemetery object
cemetery location
cemetery site
century period
certificate papers
chair object
chair furniture
chairman person
chairman someone
chairman organism
chairman object
chairman leader
champagne alcohol
champagne food
champagne wine
champagne fluid
champagne relation
champagne substance
champagne drug
champion person
champion someone
champion organism
champion object
champion competitor
chandelier object
chapel object
chapel building
characterization description
characterization statement
charger horse
charger animal
charger creature
charger organism
charger object
charger mammal
chase event
checklist list
chemical relation
chemical substance
chemistry science
chemistry knowledge
chief person
chief someone
chief organism
chief object
chief leader
chieftain person
chieftain someone
chieftain organism
chieftain object
chieftain leader
childhood period
chimney object
chisel object
chlorine relation
chlorine substance
chlorine group
chlorine grouping
cholesterol fluid
cholesterol relation
cholesterol substance
cholesterol chemical
cholesterol steroid
chore event
chosen person
chosen someone
chosen organism
chosen object
chosen darling
christian person
christian someone
christian organism
christian object
christianity religion
christianity knowledge
chrome metal
chrome relation
chrome substance
chrome chromium
chrome cr
chromium metal
chromium relation
chromium substance
chunk group
chunk grouping
churchyard object
churchyard location
cigar tobacco
cigar relation
cigar substance
cigar drug
cigarette tobacco
cigarette relation
cigarette substance
cigarette drug
citizen person
citizen someone
citizen organism
citizen object
city object
city district
city location
civilization society
civilization group
civilization grouping
claimant person
claimant someone
claimant organism
claimant applicant
claimant object
clamor occurrence
clamor noise
clamor event
classroom object
classroom room
clatter occurrence
clatter noise
clatter event
clay relation
clay substance
cleaner relation
cleaner substance
cleaner chemical
cleaning event
clearing object
clearing location
clergyman person
clergyman someone
clergyman organism
clergyman object
clergyman leader
cliche statement
cliche remark
client person
client someone
client organism
client object
cliff object
clock instrument
clock device
clock object
closeup object
closeup photo
closeup photograph
cloth object
clothes clothing
clothes object
clothes commodity
clothing object
clothing commodity
clue indication
clump group
clump grouping
cluster group
cluster grouping
coach person
coach someone
coach organism
coach object
coach leader
coal fuel
coast shore
coast object
coat clothing
coat object
coat commodity
coat garment
coffee fluid
coffee relation
coffee substance
coffee food
coffin object
coffin container
coincidence occurrence
coincidence event
collaboration cooperation
collaboration event
collage object
collar object
colleague person
colleague someone
colleague organism
colleague object
colleague peer
colleague associate
collector person
collector someone
collector organism
collector object
college group
college grouping
collision occurrence
collision impinging
collision event
colonel person
colonel someone
colonel organism
colonel object
colors flag
colors decoration
colors object
combat event
combat battle
combination group
combination grouping
comedian performer
comedian person
comedian someone
comedian organism
comedian object
commentary statement
commerce event
commercial publicity
commercial ad
commission group
commission grouping
commissioner person
commissioner someone
commissioner organism
commissioner object
commissioner leader
commissioner chief
committee group
committee grouping
commodity object
commune object
commune district
commune location
communism group
communism grouping
communism economy
community group
community grouping
compensation relation
compensation cost
compensation expenditure
competitor person
competitor someone
competitor organism
competitor object
complement language
complement group
complement grouping
complex concept
complex idea
complex whole
complex knowledge
complicity condition
compliment praise
composer person
composer someone
composer organism
composer object
composer artist
composite concept
composite idea
composite whole
composite knowledge
compost relation
compost substance
composure trait
comprehension knowledge
comprehension understanding
computer device
computer object
computer machine
comrade friend
comrade person
comrade someone
comrade organism
comrade object
concept idea
concept knowledge
concert event
concessionaire person
concessionaire someone
concessionaire organism
concessionaire object
concessionaire businessman
concrete object
condensation knowledge
condescension event
cone object
congratulation event
congregation group
congregation grouping
congress group
congress grouping
congress legislature
congressman legislator
congressman person
congressman someone
congressman organism
congressman object
congressman leader
consciousness condition
consent permission
conservatism attitude
conservatism knowledge
conservative person
conservative someone
conservative organism
conservative object
conservative grownup
consolation pleasure
constant concept
constant idea
constant knowledge
consultant expert
consultant person
consultant someone
consultant organism
consultant object
consumer person
consumer someone
consumer organism
consumer object
container object
contemporary person
contemporary someone
contemporary organism
contemporary object
contemporary peer
contention statement
contest event
continuity cohesion
contraception event
contraceptive device
contraceptive object
contract papers
contract statement
contractor person
contractor someone
contractor organism
contractor object
contradiction relation
contrary relation
controversy event
controversy dispute
convenience condition
convert person
convert someone
convert organism
convert object
conviction knowledge
cook person
cook someone
cook organism
cook object
cooking event
cooperation event
cop defender
cop guardian
cop person
cop someone
cop object
cop organism
cop policeman
copper metal
copper relation
copper substance
cord object
coroner expert
coroner person
coroner someone
coroner organism
coroner object
corporal person
corporal someone
corporal organism
corporal object
corporation group
corporation grouping
corporation firm
corpse object
correlation relation
corridor object
cost relation
cost expenditure
costume clothing
costume object
costume commodity
cottage dwelling
cottage object
cottage housing
cottage house
cottage building
couch object
couch furniture
council group
council grouping
counsel attorney
counsel lawyer
counsel person
counsel someone
counsel organism
counsel object
counsel grownup
counterpart equivalent
counterpart knowledge
countryman person
countryman someone
countryman organism
countryman object
county object
county region
county location
courage trait
court group
court grouping
cousin person
cousin someone
cousin organism
cousin object
cow animal
cow creature
cow mammal
cow organism
cow object
cow cattle
coward person
coward someone
coward organism
coward object
cowboy employee
cowboy person
cowboy someone
cowboy object
cowboy workman
cowboy organism
cowboy laborer
co-worker person
co-worker someone
co-worker organism
co-worker object
co-worker peer
co-worker associate
cps relation
cr metal
cr relation
cr substance
creature organism
creature object
credo doctrine
credo knowledge
crib object
crib furniture
crime event
criminal person
criminal someone
criminal organism
criminal object
crop event
crop commerce
crowd group
crowd grouping
cubism group
cubism grouping
culmination period
curb object
cure drug
cure-all drug
cure-all cure
curiosity condition
customer person
customer someone
customer organism
customer object
customer consumer
cyclist rider
cyclist person
cyclist someone
cyclist object
cyclist organism
cyclist traveler
cyst condition
dad parent
dad person
dad someone
dad organism
dad object
dad father
damage occurrence
damage event
dancer performer
dancer person
dancer someone
dancer organism
dancer object
dancing recreation
dancing event
dancing arts
dancing knowledge
darling person
darling someone
darling organism
darling object
data group
data grouping
datum knowledge
daughter person
daughter someone
daughter organism
daughter object
dawn knowledge
dawn datum
deacon person
deacon someone
deacon organism
deacon object
deacon official
dead group
dead grouping
dead people
dear person
dear someone
dear organism
dear object
debris relation
debris substance
debut event
dec period
decade period
december period
decoration object
decrease occurrence
decrease event
decree papers
defendant person
defendant someone
defendant organism
defendant object
defender person
defender someone
defender organism
defender object
deformation occurrence
deformation damage
deformation event
delight pleasure
delivery event
delivery transfer
demeanor trait
demon knowledge
denomination group
denomination grouping
dentist person
dentist someone
dentist organism
dentist object
dentist grownup
denunciation event
department group
department grouping
deputy defender
deputy guardian
deputy organism
deputy object
deputy person
deputy someone
description statement
desert object
desert location
desert group
desert grouping
desk object
desk furniture
desperation condition
destiny occurrence
destiny event
detective defender
detective guardian
detective person
detective someone
detective object
detective organism
detective policeman
detector device
detector object
developer person
developer someone
developer organism
developer object
device object
diagnosis event
diagram object
dialysis event
dialysis analysis
diameter magnitude
diarrhea knowledge
diarrhoea knowledge
dice object
dictatorship group
dictatorship grouping
dictionary object
die object
diet food
differentiation knowledge
dilemma condition
dinner meal
dinner food
diplomat person
diplomat someone
diplomat organism
diplomat object
diplomat official
dipper object
dipper container
disability condition
disappointment longing
disappointment yearning
disbelief doubt
disbelief condition
disc device
disc object
discomfort condition
disease illness
disease sickness
disease condition
disobedience event
disorder condition
displeasure anger
displeasure longing
displeasure yearning
displeasure emotion
dispute event
distributor person
distributor someone
distributor organism
distributor object
district object
district location
divestiture papers
dividend relation
dividend profit
dividend income
divorce event
doctor person
doctor someone
doctor organism
doctor object
doctor grownup
doctrine knowledge
documentary event
documentary object
documentary movie
dog animal
dog creature
dog mammal
dog organism
dog object
dogma doctrine
dogma knowledge
domination event
dominion condition
donor person
donor someone
donor organism
donor object
doom destiny
doom occurrence
doom event
doorman defender
doorman guardian
doorman organism
doorman object
doorman person
doorman someone
doorway object
double event
double hit
double accomplishment
double achievement
double feat
doubt condition
downtown object
downtown district
downtown location
dragon knowledge
drainage event
drainage removal
drapery object
draw valley
draw object
drawer object
drawer container
dregs sediment
driveway object
driveway road
drizzle weather
drizzle rain
drizzle phenomenon
drought condition
drugstore object
drugstore shop
drugstore store
drum device
drum object
drunk person
drunk someone
drunk organism
drunk object
drunk consumer
duck animal
duck creature
duck organism
duck object
duck bird
due concept
due idea
due knowledge
duffer person
duffer someone
duffer organism
duffer object
dugout object
dugout shelter
dungeon object
dusk knowledge
dusk datum
dweller person
dweller someone
dweller organism
dweller object
dwelling object
dwelling housing
earthquake phenomenon
easel device
easel object
easter period
eating intake
eating uptake
eccentric person
eccentric someone
eccentric organism
eccentric object
economics science
economics knowledge
economist person
economist someone
economist organism
economist scientist
economist object
economy group
economy grouping
editor person
editor someone
editor organism
editor object
editorial prose
editorial object
educator person
educator someone
educator organism
educator object
educator grownup
effect phenomenon
effluent relation
effluent substance
effort event
egg object
elder person
elder someone
elder organism
elder object
elder grownup
election event
electrode device
electrode object
electron object
electronics physics
electronics science
electronics knowledge
elephant animal
elephant creature
elephant mammal
elephant organism
elephant object
elevator device
elevator object
elimination event
elimination removal
elite group
elite grouping
elite people
embankment object
emergency occurrence
emergency event
emission event
emphysema disease
emphysema illness
emphysema sickness
emphysema condition
employee person
employee someone
employee organism
employee object
employer person
employer someone
employer organism
employer object
employer leader
encroachment occurrence
encroachment event
enforcement event
engineer person
engineer someone
engineer organism
engineer object
englishman person
englishman someone
englishman organism
englishman object
englishman dweller
englishman inhabitant
ensemble group
ensemble grouping
entertainment recreation
entertainment event
entrepreneur person
entrepreneur someone
entrepreneur organism
entrepreneur object
envelope object
envelope container
enzyme molecule
enzyme substance
enzyme protein
enzyme relation
enzyme chemical
epic poem
epicenter object
epicenter location
epidemic event
epidemic occurrence
epoch period
equation statement
equipment object
equivalent knowledge
era period
errand event
errand journey
errand travel
errand trip
escalation event
estate relation
etcetera object
evening period
exacerbation event
examination event
exasperation anger
exasperation emotion
excuse statement
exemption immunity
exemption condition
exertion event
expansion event
expenditure relation
expense relation
expense cost
expense expenditure
expert person
expert someone
expert organism
expert object
explorer person
explorer someone
explorer organism
explorer object
extract relation
extract substance
extrapolation knowledge
extrapolation thinking
eyebrow object
eyebrow hair
eyelid tissue
fabric object
facade object
facet concept
facet idea
facet knowledge
facility object
factory object
fairytale narrative
fairytale tale
fallout relation
fallout substance
fame status
fame standing
farm object
farm location
farmer person
farmer someone
farmer organism
farmer object
farmhouse dwelling
farmhouse object
farmhouse housing
farmhouse house
farmhouse building
farming event
farming commerce
father parent
father person
father someone
father organism
father object
favorite knowledge
fear emotion
feasibility usefulness
feat event
feat accomplishment
feat achievement
feather relation
feather substance
feather object
feb period
february period
fee relation
fee cost
fee expenditure
feed food
fellowship group
fellowship grouping
female animal
female creature
female organism
female object
fence object
fence obstruction
festivity recreation
festivity event
fiat papers
fiber relation
fiber substance
fibrosis condition
fighting event
file indication
fill enough
finance event
finance commerce
financing commerce
financing finance
financing event
fingerprint indication
firearm instrument
firearm device
firearm object
firearm weapon
firecracker relation
firecracker substance
firecracker chemical
fireplace object
firm group
firm grouping
fisherman person
fisherman someone
fisherman organism
fisherman object
fishing recreation
fishing event
fist hand
flag decoration
flag object
flame oxidation
flank group
flank grouping
flap object
flashlight lamp
flashlight device
flashlight object
flask bottle
flask object
flask container
flour food
fluid relation
fluid substance
foe person
foe someone
foe organism
foe object
foe antagonist
foil object
foliage object
folk group
folk grouping
folk people
folklore knowledge
folklore lore
follower person
follower someone
follower organism
follower object
fondness liking
football recreation
football event
forefinger finger
foreigner traveler
foreigner organism
foreigner object
foreigner person
foreigner someone
forest group
forest grouping
forgetfulness condition
fortitude courage
fortitude trait
fortress object
foyer object
foyer room
freak organism
freak object
freeway highway
freeway object
freeway road
frenchman person
frenchman someone
frenchman organism
frenchman object
frenchman dweller
frenchman inhabitant
frenzy disorder
frenzy condition
friday period
friend person
friend someone
friend organism
friend object
frontage magnitude
fund money
funeral event
fur relation
fur substance
furniture object
fusion occurrence
fusion event
gadget device
gadget object
gambling recreation
gambling event
gangster person
gangster someone
gangster organism
gangster criminal
gangster object
garage object
garage building
gardener expert
gardener person
gardener someone
gardener organism
gardener object
garment clothing
garment object
garment commodity
gate object
gate obstruction
gaze event
gaze stare
gender category
gender group
gender grouping
general person
general someone
general organism
general object
generalist scholar
generalist organism
generalist object
generalist intellectual
generalist person
generalist someone
genesis occurrence
genesis event
gentleman grownup
gentleman organism
gentleman object
gentleman person
gentleman someone
geometry science
geometry knowledge
geometry mathematics
germanium relation
germanium substance
ghetto object
ghetto district
ghetto location
ghost knowledge
glance event
glare brightness
glee gaiety
glimpse event
globulin molecule
globulin substance
globulin protein
globulin relation
globulin chemical
glossary object
glove object
glove equipment
glycerine fluid
glycerine relation
glycerine substance
goal knowledge
goat animal
goat creature
goat mammal
goat organism
goat object
goitre disease
goitre illness
goitre sickness
goitre condition
golf recreation
golf event
good-bye farewell
goose animal
goose creature
goose organism
goose object
goose bird
government group
government grouping
governor person
governor someone
governor organism
governor object
governor leader
gown clothing
gown object
gown commodity
gradient relation
graduate scholar
graduate organism
graduate object
graduate intellectual
graduate person
graduate someone
graduation event
grandfather person
grandfather someone
grandfather organism
grandfather object
grandmother person
grandmother someone
grandmother organism
grandmother object
granny person
granny someone
granny organism
granny object
grapevine event
graphite carbon
graphite relation
graphite substance
grass organism
grass object
grasshopper animal
grasshopper creature
grasshopper organism
grasshopper object
grasshopper insect
gravel relation
gravel substance
graveyard object
graveyard location
graveyard site
grease molecule
grease substance
grease relation
grease chemical
greatcoat coat
greatcoat clothing
greatcoat object
greatcoat commodity
greatcoat garment
greatness importance
green color
grenade device
grenade arms
grenade object
grenade bomb
grocer person
grocer someone
grocer organism
grocer object
grocer merchant
ground object
grownup person
grownup someone
grownup organism
grownup object
grudge hate
grudge hatred
grudge emotion
grudge bitterness
grudge resentment
guardian person
guardian someone
guardian organism
guardian object
guerrilla person
guerrilla someone
guerrilla organism
guerrilla object
guerrilla warrior
guest traveler
guest organism
guest object
guest visitor
guest person
guest someone
guitar device
guitar object
gunfire event
gunfire shooting
gunman murderer
gunman criminal
gunman object
gunman person
gunman someone
gunman killer
gunman organism
gunner person
gunner someone
gunner organism
gunner object
gust weather
gust wind
gust phenomenon
guy grownup
guy organism
guy object
guy person
guy someone
gym object
gym facility
gymnast person
gymnast someone
gymnast organism
gymnast object
gymnast athlete
gymnastics recreation
gymnastics event
hail weather
hail phenomenon
hair object
halfback person
halfback someone
halfback organism
halfback object
halfback athlete
halfback player
hallway object
hallway corridor
handbag object
handbag container
handkerchief object
handkerchief cloth
handkerchief fabric
handkerchief textile
hands event
hands obligation
hands responsibility
harbor object
harbor location
hardware arms
hardware object
hat clothing
hat object
hat commodity
hate emotion
hatred emotion
haversack object
haversack container
havoc event
hay feed
hay food
haze aerosol
haze phenomenon
headlight device
headlight object
headline text
heir person
heir someone
heir organism
heir object
helium relation
helium substance
hell object
hell region
hell location
hem object
hem region
hem location
hemisphere object
hemisphere location
hemoglobin molecule
hemoglobin substance
hemoglobin protein
hemoglobin relation
hemoglobin chemical
hemorrhage hurt
hemorrhage condition
hen animal
hen creature
hen organism
hen object
hen bird
hideout object
hideout location
highway object
highway road
hill object
hillside object
hinge object
historian scholar
historian organism
historian object
historian intellectual
historian person
historian someone
hit event
hit feat
hit accomplishment
hit achievement
holder device
holder object
hollywood group
hollywood grouping
holster object
homer event
homer hit
homer accomplishment
homer achievement
homer feat
homogeneity similarity
horde group
horde grouping
horde throng
hormone relation
hormone substance
horse animal
horse creature
horse mammal
horse organism
horse object
horseman rider
horseman person
horseman someone
horseman object
horseman organism
horseman traveler
hospital object
hospital building
hostility trait
hotel object
hotel building
house dwelling
house object
house housing
house building
household group
household grouping
housewife spouse
housewife grownup
housewife woman
housewife person
housewife someone
housewife object
housewife organism
housewife wife
housing object
human animal
human creature
human mammal
human organism
human object
hunch idea
hunch knowledge
hunger condition
hunter person
hunter someone
hunter organism
hunter object
hunting recreation
hunting event
hurt condition
husband person
husband someone
husband organism
husband spouse
husband object
hydride relation
hydride substance
hydride chemical
hydrocarbon relation
hydrocarbon substance
hydrocarbon chemical
hydrogen relation
hydrogen substance
hymn song
hypocrite person
hypocrite someone
hypocrite organism
hypocrite object
icbm instrument
icbm device
icbm object
icbm weapon
ice solid
idea knowledge
idiot person
idiot someone
idiot organism
idiot object
ignorance knowledge
illness condition
imagery knowledge
immigrant traveler
immigrant organism
immigrant object
immigrant person
immigrant someone
immunity condition
impetus phenomenon
impinging occurrence
impinging event
imprisonment event
imprisonment punishment
inability knowledge
incentive motivation
incentive motive
incidence relation
incidence ratio
incident occurrence
incident event
income relation
independence freedom
indian person
indian someone
indian organism
indian object
indignation anger
indignation emotion
individualism trait
individualist person
individualist someone
individualist organism
individualist object
infancy period
infant person
infant someone
infant organism
infant object
infantry group
infantry grouping
infection condition
inference reasoning
inference knowledge
inference thinking
infield object
infield location
infiltration event
inhabitant person
inhabitant someone
inhabitant organism
inhabitant object
injection event
inn hotel
inn object
inn building
inning concept
inning idea
inning knowledge
input signal
insect animal
insect creature
insect organism
insect object
insinuation accusation
insinuation statement
insistence petition
insolence demeanor
insolence trait
inspector defender
inspector guardian
inspector person
inspector someone
inspector object
inspector organism
inspector policeman
instance occurrence
instance event
instinct aptitude
instinct knowledge
institution group
institution grouping
instructor person
instructor someone
instructor organism
instructor object
instructor educator
instructor grownup
instrument device
instrument object
insulin hormone
insulin substance
insulin relation
integration event
intellect intelligence
intellect knowledge
intellectual person
intellectual someone
intellectual organism
intellectual object
intelligence knowledge
intention goal
intention knowledge
interaction event
interchange object
interchange location
interdependence relation
interface object
interface region
interface location
interior object
interior region
interior location
interruption event
intersection concept
intersection idea
intersection knowledge
intervention event
intervention participation
investor person
investor someone
investor organism
investor object
invitation letter
invitation event
invitation object
invitation text
iodide relation
iodide substance
iodide chemical
iodine relation
iodine substance
iodine group
iodine grouping
ion object
iron metal
iron relation
iron substance
irons device
irons object
irritation condition
island object
island ground
jackass person
jackass someone
jackass organism
jackass object
jail object
jam food
janitor defender
janitor guardian
janitor organism
janitor object
janitor person
janitor someone
january period
jap person
jap someone
jap organism
jap object
jap dweller
jap inhabitant
jaw tissue
jeep object
jeep automobile
jeep car
jeep container
jew person
jew someone
jew organism
jew object
journalism object
journalist person
journalist someone
journalist author
journalist writer
journalist object
journalist organism
journey event
journey travel
july period
jumble condition
june period
jury group
jury grouping
kid person
kid someone
kid organism
kid object
kidnapper person
kidnapper someone
kidnapper organism
kidnapper criminal
kidnapper object
killer person
killer someone
killer organism
killer object
kind concept
kind idea
kind knowledge
king sovereign
king organism
king object
king person
king someone
kiss event
kitchen object
kitchen room
kitten animal
kitten creature
kitten young
kitten organism
kitten object
knapsack object
knapsack container
knight person
knight someone
knight organism
knight object
knight leader
laboratory object
laboratory location
laborer person
laborer someone
laborer organism
laborer object
laborer workman
laborer employee
lack condition
ladder object
ladder staircase
ladder stairway
lady person
lady someone
lady organism
lady woman
lady object
lady grownup
lagoon lake
laity group
laity grouping
lamb animal
lamb creature
lamb young
lamb organism
lamb object
lamp device
lamp object
landing object
landlord person
landlord someone
landlord organism
landlord object
lantern lamp
lantern device
lantern object
lap thigh
lap limb
larva animal
larva creature
larva organism
larva object
lat muscle
latin language
lawn object
lawn location
lawyer person
lawyer someone
lawyer organism
lawyer object
lawyer grownup
layer object
leader person
leader someone
leader organism
leader object
leaders group
leaders grouping
leaf object
league group
league grouping
leather relation
leather substance
lecture event
leg limb
legend fiction
legislation group
legislation grouping
legislator person
legislator someone
legislator organism
legislator object
legislator leader
legislature group
legislature grouping
lens device
lens object
letter text
letter object
liberal person
liberal someone
liberal organism
liberal object
liberal grownup
liberalism attitude
liberalism knowledge
lid tissue
lie statement
lieutenant person
lieutenant someone
lieutenant organism
lieutenant object
lifter person
lifter someone
lifter organism
lifter object
lifter athlete
lignite coal
lignite relation
lignite substance
lignite fuel
lilac shrub
lilac organism
lilac object
limit magnitude
linguist person
linguist someone
linguist organism
linguist scientist
linguist object
lint fiber
lint relation
lint substance
listener person
listener someone
listener organism
listener object
livestock animal
livestock creature
livestock mammal
livestock organism
livestock object
loaf solid
loaf food
loaf bread
loan relation
lobby object
lobby room
locality object
locality location
location object
locker object
locker room
log relation
log substance
lore knowledge
losses relation
love emotion
luggage object
luggage container
lumber object
lunch meal
lunch food
luxury trait
lyric text
lyricist person
lyricist someone
lyricist author
lyricist writer
lyricist object
lyricist organism
ma parent
ma person
ma someone
ma organism
ma object
ma mother
machine device
machine object
machinery device
machinery object
machinery machine
madman person
madman someone
madman organism
madman object
magazine object
magic knowledge
magician performer
magician person
magician someone
magician organism
magician object
magnetism phenomenon
maid person
maid someone
maid organism
maid object
maid servant
maiden grownup
maiden organism
maiden woman
maiden object
maiden person
maiden someone
mailbox object
mailbox container
mainland object
mainland ground
maintenance repair
maintenance event
major-general person
major-general someone
major-general organism
major-general object
maker person
maker someone
maker organism
maker object
making event
malaise condition
malaise discomfort
mama parent
mama person
mama someone
mama organism
mama object
mama mother
mamma parent
mamma person
mamma someone
mamma organism
mamma object
mamma mother
mammal animal
mammal creature
mammal organism
mammal object
maneuver event
maniac person
maniac someone
maniac organism
maniac object
manifold tubing
manifold object
manners demeanor
manners trait
manpower personnel
manpower group
manpower grouping
manure relation
manure substance
manure chemical
map object
marketing event
marketing commerce
marksman expert
marksman person
marksman someone
marksman organism
marksman object
marksmanship knowledge
marshal defender
marshal guardian
marshal organism
marshal object
marshal person
marshal someone
martyr person
martyr someone
martyr organism
martyr object
masseur expert
masseur person
masseur someone
masseur organism
masseur therapist
masseur object
mast object
mathematics science
mathematics knowledge
may period
mayor person
mayor someone
mayor organism
mayor object
mayor leader
mc relation
meadow object
meadow location
meadow group
meadow grouping
meal food
mean average
mean knowledge
mean datum
mean statistic
means event
measurement event
meat solid
medal symbol
medal signal
meet event
meet contest
member person
member someone
member organism
member object
member peer
member associate
men personnel
men group
men grouping
mention statement
mention remark
merchandise object
merchandise commodity
merchant person
merchant someone
merchant organism
merchant object
mercury metal
mercury relation
mercury substance
merger event
messenger traveler
messenger organism
messenger object
messenger person
messenger someone
metal relation
metal substance
meteor object
meteorite object
meteorite meteor
method knowledge
metropolis object
metropolis district
metropolis location
mexican person
mexican someone
mexican organism
mexican object
mexican dweller
mexican inhabitant
micrometeorite object
micrometeorite meteorite
micrometeorite meteor
microorganism organism
microorganism object
microphone device
microphone object
microphone transducer
microscope instrument
microscope device
microscope object
midnight knowledge
midnight datum
midst interior
midst object
midst region
midst location
militia group
militia grouping
milk fluid
milk relation
milk substance
milk food
mill object
millennium period
mind knowledge
mineral relation
mineral substance
mining event
mining commerce
minister clergyman
minister organism
minister object
minister leader
minister person
minister someone
miracle occurrence
miracle event
mirror reflector
mirror device
mirror object
misbehavior event
mischief event
mischief misbehavior
misconception idea
misconception knowledge
missionary instructor
missionary teacher
missionary educator
missionary person
missionary someone
missionary object
missionary grownup
missionary organism
mist aerosol
mist phenomenon
mistress grownup
mistress organism
mistress woman
mistress object
mistress person
mistress someone
mob crowd
mob group
mob grouping
modernity timing
modernization event
moisture condition
monday period
monitoring event
monk person
monk someone
monk organism
monk object
monkey animal
monkey creature
monkey mammal
monkey organism
monkey object
monocle device
monocle object
monocle lens
monument object
moonlight phenomenon
morning period
mortgage relation
moth animal
moth creature
moth organism
moth object
moth insect
mother parent
mother person
mother someone
mother organism
mother object
motor device
motor object
motor machine
mountain object
mouse animal
mouse creature
mouse mammal
mouse organism
mouse object
mover person
mover someone
mover organism
mover object
mover workman
mover employee
movie event
movie object
mud relation
mud substance
mule animal
mule creature
mule mammal
mule organism
mule object
multiplicity magnitude
murder event
murderer killer
murderer person
murderer someone
murderer organism
murderer criminal
murderer object
museum object
museum facility
musician performer
musician person
musician someone
musician organism
musician object
musket instrument
musket device
musket object
musket weapon
musket firearm
mustache object
mustache hair
mystery condition
myth fiction
mythology group
mythology grouping
name relation
native person
native someone
native organism
native object
navy personnel
navy group
navy grouping
nazi grownup
nazi person
nazi someone
nazi object
nazi organism
nazi conservative
necrosis phenomenon
nectar relation
nectar substance
negro person
negro someone
negro organism
negro object
neighbor person
neighbor someone
neighbor organism
neighbor object
nephew person
nephew someone
nephew organism
nephew object
nest object
network group
network grouping
neurosis disorder
neurosis condition
nigger person
nigger someone
nigger negro
nigger object
nigger organism
night period
nightclub object
nightfall knowledge
nightfall datum
nitrogen relation
nitrogen substance
no event
noise occurrence
noise event
nomination event
nomination selection
non-catholic person
non-catholic someone
non-catholic organism
non-catholic object
noon knowledge
noon datum
nov period
novel fiction
novelist person
novelist someone
novelist author
novelist writer
novelist object
novelist organism
november period
now present
nuisance stimulus
nuisance knowledge
nun person
nun someone
nun organism
nun object
o relation
o substance
obedience event
objective goal
objective knowledge
obligation event
obstruction object
occupant person
occupant someone
occupant organism
occupant object
occupant dweller
occupant inhabitant
occurrence event
oct period
october period
official person
official someone
official organism
official object
omen occurrence
omen event
onlooker person
onlooker someone
onlooker organism
onlooker object
onlooker spectator
onset occurrence
onset event
opener occurrence
opener event
operetta opera
opium drug
opportunity existence
orbit route
orbit object
orbit location
orchestra group
orchestra grouping
ordeal occurrence
ordeal event
ore mineral
ore relation
ore substance
organism object
outcome occurrence
outcome event
outfielder person
outfielder someone
outfielder organism
outfielder object
outfielder athlete
outfielder player
outreach event
outside object
outside region
outside location
outskirts object
outskirts location
overall clothing
overall object
overall commodity
overcoat coat
overcoat clothing
overcoat object
overcoat commodity
overcoat garment
overhead cost
overhead relation
overhead expense
overhead expenditure
overpayment relation
overpayment cost
overpayment expenditure
owl animal
owl creature
owl organism
owl object
owl bird
oxygen relation
oxygen substance
pa parent
pa person
pa someone
pa organism
pa object
pa father
packet group
packet grouping
page relation
page substance
pail object
pail container
paint relation
paint substance
paint object
painter person
painter someone
painter organism
painter object
painter artist
pan object
pane object
paneling object
pansy organism
pansy object
papa parent
papa person
papa someone
papa organism
papa object
papa father
paradox statement
parallel similarity
parasite organism
parasite object
parent person
parent someone
parent organism
parent object
parish community
parish group
parish grouping
parlor object
parlor room
participation event
partnership group
partnership grouping
passenger traveler
passenger organism
passenger object
passenger person
passenger someone
passerby traveler
passerby organism
passerby object
passerby person
passerby someone
passing idea
passing knowledge
paste relation
paste substance
pastor clergyman
pastor organism
pastor object
pastor leader
pastor person
pastor someone
patent papers
patience trait
patient person
patient someone
patient organism
patient object
patrol group
patrol grouping
patrolman defender
patrolman guardian
patrolman organism
patrolman object
patrolman person
patrolman someone
patron person
patron someone
patron organism
patron object
patron consumer
patron customer
patronage event
patronage assistance
pay relation
pay cost
pay expenditure
pbs relation
pbs substance
pea vegetable
pea solid
pear solid
pear object
peasant person
peasant someone
peasant organism
peasant object
pebble object
pecs muscle
peddler person
peddler someone
peddler organism
peddler object
peddler merchant
peer person
peer someone
peer organism
peer object
pen object
pencil object
pennant symbol
pennant signal
pension relation
pension cost
pension expenditure
people group
people grouping
percent relation
percent ratio
percentage relation
percentage ratio
performer person
performer someone
performer organism
performer object
periodical object
permit papers
persecution event
person organism
person object
personnel group
personnel grouping
perspective attitude
perspective knowledge
perspiration relation
perspiration substance
petitioner person
petitioner someone
petitioner organism
petitioner applicant
petitioner object
philosopher scholar
philosopher organism
philosopher object
philosopher intellectual
philosopher person
philosopher someone
phone object
phone equipment
phosphate relation
phosphate substance
phosphate chemical
photo object
photograph object
physician person
physician someone
physician organism
physician object
physician grownup
physicist person
physicist someone
physicist organism
physicist scientist
physicist object
physics science
physics knowledge
pianist performer
pianist person
pianist someone
pianist organism
pianist musician
pianist object
piano device
piano object
pig animal
pig creature
pig mammal
pig organism
pig object
pigeon animal
pigeon creature
pigeon organism
pigeon object
pigeon bird
pill object
pillow object
pilot person
pilot someone
pilot organism
pilot object
pimp person
pimp someone
pimp organism
pimp object
pistol instrument
pistol device
pistol object
pistol weapon
pistol firearm
pit object
pitcher person
pitcher someone
pitcher organism
pitcher object
pitcher athlete
pitcher player
pitching event
pituitary gland
planet object
plank lumber
plank object
planner person
planner someone
planner organism
planner object
plantation relation
plantation acres
planter person
planter someone
planter organism
planter object
planter farmer
planting event
plasma relation
plasma substance
plaster relation
plaster object
plaster substance
platinum metal
platinum relation
platinum substance
player person
player someone
player organism
player object
playing recreation
playing event
playing arts
playing knowledge
playing entertainment
playmate friend
playmate person
playmate someone
playmate organism
playmate object
playmate comrade
playwright person
playwright someone
playwright author
playwright writer
playwright object
playwright organism
plenty magnitude
plight condition
plug object
plug obstruction
plumber person
plumber someone
plumber organism
plumber object
pocket object
pocket container
poet person
poet someone
poet author
poet writer
poet object
poet organism
police personnel
police group
police grouping
policeman defender
policeman guardian
policeman organism
policeman object
policeman person
policeman someone
politeness demeanor
politeness trait
poll knowledge
poll thinking
pollen object
polls object
polls location
poncho clothing
poncho object
poncho commodity
poncho garment
pond lake
pope leader
pope catholic
pope person
pope someone
pope object
pope christian
pope organism
porch object
pork solid
pork meat
portal object
posse personnel
posse police
posse group
posse grouping
potassium metal
potassium relation
potassium substance
potential existence
potter person
potter someone
potter organism
potter object
pottery object
poverty condition
preacher clergyman
preacher organism
preacher object
preacher leader
preacher person
preacher someone
preaching event
predecessor person
predecessor someone
predecessor organism
predecessor object
prejudice attitude
prejudice knowledge
prestige status
prestige standing
presumption concept
presumption idea
presumption knowledge
prevention event
prevision knowledge
prevision imagery
pricing knowledge
pricing assessment
priority status
prison object
prisoner person
prisoner someone
prisoner organism
prisoner object
private person
private someone
private organism
private object
prize relation
proceeds relation
proceeds income
process event
proclamation statement
procurement acquisition
procurement event
professor person
professor someone
professor organism
professor educator
professor object
professor grownup
profit relation
profit income
project event
proliferation growing
pronouncement statement
propagandist person
propagandist someone
propagandist organism
propagandist object
proprietor person
proprietor someone
proprietor organism
proprietor object
proprietor businessman
prosecutor attorney
prosecutor lawyer
prosecutor grownup
prosecutor person
prosecutor someone
prosecutor object
prosecutor organism
prosecutor official
protease protein
protease chemical
protease molecule
protease relation
protease substance
protease enzyme
protein molecule
protein substance
protein relation
protein chemical
protestantism religion
protestantism knowledge
protestantism christianity
provision statement
prowess knowledge
psychiatrist person
psychiatrist someone
psychiatrist organism
psychiatrist doctor
psychiatrist physician
psychiatrist object
psychiatrist grownup
psychologist person
psychologist someone
psychologist organism
psychologist scientist
psychologist object
psychology science
psychology knowledge
public group
public grouping
public people
pulley device
pulley object
pump device
pump object
puncher employee
puncher person
puncher someone
puncher object
puncher workman
puncher organism
puncher laborer
punishment event
pupil person
pupil someone
pupil organism
pupil object
pursuer traveler
pursuer organism
pursuer object
pursuer person
pursuer someone
pushup event
pushup workout
pushup exertion
python animal
python creature
python serpent
python snake
python organism
python object
quack grownup
quack person
quack someone
quack object
quack organism
quack doctor
quack physician
quake phenomenon
quarterback player
quarterback organism
quarterback object
quarterback athlete
quarterback person
quarterback someone
quarter-century period
quarters object
quarters housing
questionnaire papers
rabbi person
rabbi someone
rabbi organism
rabbi object
rabbi leader
rabbit animal
rabbit creature
rabbit mammal
rabbit organism
rabbit object
rack object
racketeer person
racketeer someone
racketeer organism
racketeer criminal
racketeer object
radar instrument
radar device
radar object
radish vegetable
radish solid
rag object
rag cloth
rag fabric
rag textile
rage anger
rage emotion
raid event
railing object
railing obstruction
railroad group
railroad grouping
rain weather
rain phenomenon
raise magnitude
ramrod object
ranch object
ranch location
ranch farm
rancher person
rancher someone
rancher organism
rancher object
rancher farmer
rat animal
rat creature
rat mammal
rat organism
rat object
ratio relation
ration food
rationale knowledge
rationale thinking
rattle occurrence
rattle noise
rattle event
rattlesnake animal
rattlesnake creature
rattlesnake serpent
rattlesnake snake
rattlesnake organism
rattlesnake object
ray phenomenon
razor object
reactionary grownup
reactionary person
reactionary someone
reactionary object
reactionary organism
reactionary conservative
realm environment
reasoning knowledge
reasoning thinking
reassurance event
reassurance assistance
receptionist person
receptionist someone
receptionist organism
receptionist object
receptionist assistant
recommendation proposal
recommendation advice
recreation event
recruitment event
recruitment accomplishment
recruitment achievement
reel object
reel equipment
reflector device
reflector object
refugee traveler
refugee organism
refugee object
refugee person
refugee someone
refund relation
refund cost
refund expenditure
regiment group
regiment grouping
region object
region location
registration event
rehearsal training
rehearsal event
rein object
reinforcement event
rejection event
relations relation
relevance relation
religion knowledge
remainder relation
remark statement
remembrance knowledge
remnant relation
remnant remainder
removal event
repair event
repertory object
repertory facility
reply statement
reporter person
reporter someone
reporter organism
reporter object
repose event
republic group
republic grouping
republican person
republican someone
republican organism
republican object
republican leader
rescue event
research event
researcher person
researcher someone
researcher organism
researcher scientist
researcher object
resemblance similarity
resentment hate
resentment hatred
resentment emotion
resident person
resident someone
resident organism
resident object
resident dweller
resident inhabitant
resistor device
resistor object
responsibility event
restatement statement
restaurant object
restaurant building
restriction concept
restriction idea
restriction knowledge
resume statement
resume summary
retailer person
retailer someone
retailer organism
retailer object
retailer merchant
retailer distributor
retailing event
retailing marketing
retailing selling
retailing commerce
retaliation event
retention event
retirement status
retreat event
revenge event
revenue relation
revolt event
revolver instrument
revolver pistol
revolver weapon
revolver firearm
revolver device
revolver object
ribbon object
ride event
ride journey
ride travel
rider traveler
rider organism
rider object
rider person
rider someone
ridge object
rifle instrument
rifle device
rifle object
rifle weapon
rifle firearm
road object
roadway object
roadway road
roar occurrence
roar noise
roar event
robber thief
robber organism
robber criminal
robber object
robber person
robber someone
robbery event
robbery crime
roman person
roman someone
roman organism
roman object
roman dweller
roman inhabitant
roof object
rookie person
rookie someone
rookie organism
rookie object
room object
rooster animal
rooster creature
rooster organism
rooster object
rooster bird
rope object
rose shrub
rose organism
rose object
rotation event
rotor device
rotor object
route object
route location
row group
row grouping
royalty relation
royalty cost
royalty expenditure
rpm relation
rubber relation
rubber substance
rug object
ruling event
rumor event
rushing idea
rushing knowledge
rustler thief
rustler organism
rustler criminal
rustler object
rustler person
rustler someone
sacrifice event
saddle device
saddle object
safe object
safe container
sake goodness
salary relation
salary cost
salary expenditure
salesman person
salesman someone
salesman organism
salesman object
salesman employee
salesmanship knowledge
saline relation
saline substance
salvation event
salvation rescue
sampling event
sampling selection
sand relation
sand substance
sandal object
sandal shoe
sandwich food
satellite object
satellite equipment
saturday period
saving event
savings fund
savings money
scan event
scan examination
scheme idea
scheme knowledge
scholar person
scholar someone
scholar organism
scholar object
scholar intellectual
school institution
school group
school grouping
schoolhouse object
schoolhouse building
schoolmate person
schoolmate someone
schoolmate organism
schoolmate object
schoolroom object
schoolroom room
science knowledge
scientist person
scientist someone
scientist organism
scientist object
scope magnitude
scot person
scot someone
scot organism
scot object
scot dweller
scot inhabitant
scream shout
scuffle event
scuffle fighting
sculptor person
sculptor someone
sculptor organism
sculptor object
sculptor artist
searchlight device
searchlight object
segment object
selection event
self-confidence condition
self-determination independence
self-determination freedom
selling event
selling commerce
senator legislator
senator person
senator someone
senator organism
senator object
senator leader
sending event
senior pupil
senior student
senior person
senior someone
senior organism
senior object
sensation knowledge
sensing knowledge
sensor device
sensor object
september period
sermon event
serpent animal
serpent creature
serpent organism
serpent object
serum relation
serum substance
servant person
servant someone
servant organism
servant object
services event
setback occurrence
setback event
settler traveler
settler organism
settler object
settler person
settler someone
sewage relation
sewage substance
shear occurrence
shear event
sheep animal
sheep creature
sheep mammal
sheep organism
sheep object
shelf device
shelf object
shelter object
sheriff defender
sheriff guardian
sheriff organism
sheriff object
sheriff person
sheriff someone
sherry alcohol
sherry food
sherry wine
sherry fluid
sherry relation
sherry substance
sherry drug
ship object
shipping event
shipping commerce
shirt clothing
shirt object
shirt commodity
shirt garment
shoe object
shooting event
shop object
shopping buying
shopping event
shopping acquisition
shore object
short object
short location
shortstop person
shortstop someone
shortstop organism
shortstop object
shortstop athlete
shortstop player
shrub organism
shrub object
shutdown event
sickness condition
sidewalk object
silhouette object
silhouette region
silhouette location
silk object
silk cloth
silk fabric
silk textile
singer performer
singer person
singer someone
singer organism
singer musician
singer object
singing recreation
singing event
singing arts
singing knowledge
singing entertainment
sink object
sinner person
sinner someone
sinner organism
sinner object
sioux person
sioux someone
sioux organism
sioux indian
sioux object
sir grownup
sir organism
sir object
sir person
sir someone
sister person
sister someone
sister organism
sister object
site object
site location
sixties decade
sixties period
size magnitude
skeptic person
skeptic someone
skeptic organism
skeptic object
skeptic intellectual
skiff object
skiff boat
skirmish event
skirmish fighting
skull tissue
skylight object
skylight window
slab object
slacks clothing
slacks trouser
slacks commodity
slacks garment
slacks object
slave person
slave someone
slave organism
slave object
sleep condition
sleeve object
slipper object
slit object
slowing occurrence
slowing event
sludge solid
slug instrument
slug device
slug object
slug weapon
slugger person
slugger someone
slugger organism
slugger object
slugger athlete
slugger player
slum object
slum district
slum location
smoke aerosol
smoke phenomenon
snail animal
snail creature
snail organism
snail object
snake animal
snake creature
snake organism
snake object
soap relation
soap cleaner
soap substance
soap chemical
socialism attitude
socialism knowledge
society group
society grouping
sock clothing
sock object
sock commodity
sod object
sofa object
sofa furniture
soldier person
soldier someone
soldier organism
soldier object
sole object
sole region
sole location
soloist performer
soloist person
soloist someone
soloist organism
soloist musician
soloist object
someone organism
someone object
somersault event
somersault feat
somersault accomplishment
somersault achievement
son person
son someone
son organism
son object
sonar instrument
sonar device
sonar object
sonny person
sonny someone
sonny organism
sonny object
sophomore pupil
sophomore student
sophomore person
sophomore someone
sophomore organism
sophomore object
sort concept
sort idea
sort knowledge
southerner american
southerner person
southerner someone
southerner organism
southerner object
southerner dweller
southerner inhabitant
southpaw player
southpaw person
southpaw someone
southpaw pitcher
southpaw object
southpaw athlete
southpaw organism
sovereign person
sovereign someone
sovereign organism
sovereign object
span period
spanish latin
spanish language
specialist expert
specialist person
specialist someone
specialist organism
specialist object
species group
species grouping
spectator person
spectator someone
spectator organism
spectator object
specter knowledge
spectroscopy event
spectroscopy analysis
spectrum group
spectrum grouping
spire object
spleen tissue
splinter fragment
split event
split feat
split accomplishment
split achievement
sponsor person
sponsor someone
sponsor organism
sponsor object
sponsorship event
sponsorship assistance
sportsman person
sportsman someone
sportsman organism
sportsman object
sportsman athlete
spouse person
spouse someone
spouse organism
spouse object
spree event
springtime period
spy person
spy someone
spy organism
spy object
squirrel animal
squirrel creature
squirrel mammal
squirrel organism
squirrel object
stable object
stable building
staff personnel
staff group
staff grouping
staircase object
stairway object
standing status
standpoint attitude
standpoint knowledge
stare event
starting event
statesman person
statesman someone
statesman organism
statesman object
statesman leader
station object
station facility
statistic knowledge
statistic datum
statue object
stature status
stature standing
statute papers
steel relation
steel substance
steeple object
stepmother parent
stepmother person
stepmother someone
stepmother organism
stepmother object
stereo object
stereo equipment
stereotype knowledge
steroid relation
steroid substance
steroid chemical
stimulus knowledge
stirrup device
stirrup object
stockholder person
stockholder someone
stockholder investor
stockholder object
stockholder organism
stool object
stool furniture
store object
storehouse object
storehouse facility
storyline fiction
stove object
stove commodity
straggler person
straggler someone
straggler organism
straggler object
stranger traveler
stranger organism
stranger object
stranger person
stranger someone
strategy idea
strategy knowledge
stratum object
stratum region
stratum location
straw relation
straw fiber
straw substance
street object
street road
streetcar object
streetcar container
striving event
striving attempt
striving effort
striving try
strychnine relation
strychnine substance
strychnine chemical
student person
student someone
student organism
student object
studio object
studio location
stump object
stupidity inability
stupidity knowledge
submarine ship
submarine object
subordinate person
subordinate someone
subordinate organism
subordinate object
subordinate assistant
substance relation
substitute equivalent
substitute knowledge
subsystem group
subsystem grouping
suburb object
suburb district
suburb location
subway railroad
subway group
subway grouping
sugar food
suicide event
suit clothing
suit object
suit commodity
suit garment
suitcase object
suitcase luggage
suitcase container
summary statement
summer period
sunday period
sundown knowledge
sundown datum
sunlight phenomenon
sunray ray
sunray phenomenon
superintendent person
superintendent someone
superintendent organism
superintendent object
superintendent leader
superintendent supervisor
superstition knowledge
supervision event
supervisor person
supervisor someone
supervisor organism
supervisor object
supervisor leader
supper meal
supper food
supremacy condition
surgeon person
surgeon someone
surgeon organism
surgeon doctor
surgeon physician
surgeon object
surgeon grownup
surplus magnitude
surroundings environment
survival existence
suspension relation
suspension substance
suspicion idea
suspicion knowledge
swamp object
sweat relation
sweat substance
sweep magnitude
sweep scope
swiss group
swiss grouping
swiss people
sword instrument
sword device
sword object
sword weapon
syllable relation
symbol signal
tactic idea
tactic knowledge
tag symbol
tag signal
talk conversation
tally event
tally accomplishment
tally achievement
tap occurrence
tap event
tape object
taunt event
tax relation
taxi object
taxi automobile
taxi car
taxi container
taxpayer person
taxpayer someone
taxpayer organism
taxpayer object
tea fluid
tea relation
tea substance
tea food
teacher person
teacher someone
teacher organism
teacher object
teacher educator
teacher grownup
team group
team grouping
technician person
technician someone
technician organism
technician object
technique method
technique knowledge
technology event
technology usage
technology utilization
teenager person
teenager someone
teenager organism
teenager object
teens period
telegraph object
telegraph apparatus
telegraph equipment
telephone object
telephone equipment
temptation knowledge
tenant person
tenant someone
tenant organism
tenant object
tenderness trait
tendon tissue
tenement object
tenement building
tent object
tent shelter
terror fear
terror emotion
textile object
theatre object
theatre building
theologian scholar
theologian organism
theologian object
theologian intellectual
theologian person
theologian someone
theorem statement
therapist expert
therapist person
therapist someone
therapist organism
therapist object
therapy event
thermometer instrument
thermometer device
thermometer object
thesis statement
thicket group
thicket grouping
thickness magnitude
thief person
thief someone
thief organism
thief criminal
thief object
thigh limb
thinking knowledge
thread object
thread cord
throng group
throng grouping
throttle device
throttle object
thumb finger
thursday period
thyroid gland
ticket papers
tide occurrence
tide event
times period
tin metal
tin relation
tin substance
tire object
toad animal
toad creature
toad organism
toad object
toast solid
toast food
toast bread
tobacco relation
tobacco substance
tobacco drug
today present
tomb object
tomb location
tonight present
tooth tissue
touchdown event
touchdown accomplishment
touchdown achievement
tourist traveler
tourist organism
tourist object
tourist person
tourist someone
tournament event
tournament contest
towel object
towel cloth
towel fabric
towel textile
town object
town district
town location
toy object
tractor object
tractor container
trader person
trader someone
trader organism
trader object
trader merchant
traditionalist grownup
traditionalist person
traditionalist someone
traditionalist object
traditionalist organism
traditionalist conservative
traffic group
traffic grouping
tragedy occurrence
tragedy event
train object
training event
traitor person
traitor someone
traitor organism
traitor criminal
traitor object
trance condition
tranquilizer drug
transducer device
transducer object
transfer event
transformation occurrence
transformation event
trapper person
trapper someone
trapper organism
trapper object
trapper hunter
travel event
traveler person
traveler someone
traveler organism
traveler object
tray object
tray container
treason event
treason crime
treasurer person
treasurer someone
treasurer organism
treasurer object
treaty papers
treaty statement
tree organism
tree object
treetop object
treetop region
treetop location
trend route
trend object
trend location
trial event
trial attempt
trial effort
trial try
trigger object
trip event
trip journey
trip travel
triple event
triple hit
triple accomplishment
triple achievement
triple feat
trooper person
trooper someone
trooper organism
trooper object
trooper soldier
troops personnel
troops group
troops grouping
trouser clothing
trouser object
trouser commodity
trouser garment
truck object
truck container
trustee person
trustee someone
trustee organism
trustee object
try event
tsunami calamity
tsunami tragedy
tsunami occurrence
tsunami event
tub object
tub container
tuberculosis disease
tuberculosis illness
tuberculosis sickness
tuberculosis condition
tubing object
tuesday period
tumor illness
tumor sickness
tumor condition
tuning event
turbine device
turbine object
turbine motor
turbine machine
tv object
tweed object
tweed cloth
tweed fabric
tweed textile
type kind
type sort
type concept
type idea
type knowledge
tyranny group
tyranny grouping
ulcer condition
ultraviolet phenomenon
uncle person
uncle someone
uncle organism
uncle object
underachievement event
underachievement accomplishment
underachievement achievement
undershirt clothing
undershirt object
undershirt commodity
undershirt garment
understanding knowledge
uniform clothing
uniform object
uniform commodity
union group
union grouping
uniqueness individualism
uniqueness trait
universe object
unknown object
unknown location
unwillingness trait
usage event
utilization event
vacation period
vacuum condition
valley object
valor courage
valor trait
vapor suspension
vapor relation
vapor substance
vase object
vase container
vaudeville event
vector concept
vector idea
vector knowledge
vegetable solid
velocity relation
vengeance event
vengeance retaliation
vengeance revenge
veranda object
veranda porch
vicinity object
vicinity location
victory occurrence
victory event
viewpoint attitude
viewpoint knowledge
village community
village group
village grouping
vindication event
vindication accomplishment
vindication achievement
vine organism
vine object
violin device
violin object
virgin person
virgin someone
virgin organism
virgin object
virus microorganism
virus organism
virus object
visitor traveler
visitor organism
visitor object
visitor person
visitor someone
vitality trait
vitamin food
volley event
voter person
voter someone
voter organism
voter object
voter citizen
voting event
voting selection
vowel relation
voyage event
voyage travel
vulnerability condition
vulture animal
vulture creature
vulture organism
vulture object
vulture bird
wage relation
wage cost
wage expenditure
wagon object
wagon container
waiter person
waiter someone
waiter organism
waiter object
waiter employee
wake phenomenon
wake effect
wall object
wallpaper relation
wallpaper substance
warehouse facility
warehouse object
warehouse storehouse
warfare event
warrior person
warrior someone
warrior organism
warrior object
wastebasket object
wastebasket container
wavelength relation
wax molecule
wax substance
wax relation
wax chemical
weapon instrument
weapon device
weapon object
weather phenomenon
wednesday period
weed organism
weed object
week period
weekend period
weir object
weir obstruction
well object
whereabouts object
whereabouts location
while period
whip instrument
whip device
whip object
whiskey alcohol
whiskey food
whiskey fluid
whiskey relation
whiskey substance
whiskey drug
whisky alcohol
whisky food
whisky fluid
whisky relation
whisky substance
whisky drug
whole concept
whole idea
whole knowledge
whore person
whore someone
whore organism
whore woman
whore object
whore grownup
widow person
widow someone
widow organism
widow woman
widow object
widow grownup
width magnitude
wife spouse
wife grownup
wife woman
wife person
wife someone
wife object
wife organism
wildlife object
willingness trait
willow tree
willow object
willow organism
wind weather
wind phenomenon
window object
windshield object
wine alcohol
wine food
wine fluid
wine relation
wine substance
wine drug
winter period
woe misery
woman person
woman someone
woman organism
woman object
woman grownup
woodwork object
wool object
wool cloth
wool fabric
wool textile
workbench object
workbench furniture
workman person
workman someone
workman organism
workman object
workman employee
workout event
workout exertion
worship event
wound hurt
wound condition
wrath anger
wrath emotion
wrath rage
writer person
writer someone
writer organism
writer object
yank american
yank person
yank someone
yank organism
yank object
yank dweller
yank inhabitant
yankee american
yankee person
yankee someone
yankee organism
yankee object
yankee dweller
yankee inhabitant
year period
yellow color
yes statement
young animal
young creature
young organism
young object
youngster person
youngster someone
youngster organism
youngster object
youth person
youth someone
youth organism
youth object
yr period
zinc metal
zinc relation
zinc substance
